our USC football team bounced back with
a huge win over Arizona State
the men's water polo team is just one
game away from a perfect season and it's
rivalry week right here at USC it's all
coming up right here on the Trojan
wrap-up and let's get it started with
football the USC Trojans secured the
program's 800th win with a 38 17 victory
over Arizona State on Saturday
Matt Berkeley passed for 222 yards and
three touchdowns and became the leading
passer in conference history for USC he
connected with Marcus Lee who caught 10
passes for 161 yards including an 80
yard touchdown pass and Curtis McNeil
also had a standout game as he rushed
for 163 yards into two these now the
Trojans will travel to the Rose Bowl to
take on UCLA in a game that will
determine who will play in the
conference title game kickoff is set for
12:00 p.m. into the pool our men's water
polo team is just one game away from a
perfect season they improved a 23 and OH
after beating Pepperdine 16 to 5 on
Sunday and now it's time to take on
number two ranked UCLA in their final
regular season game the crosstown clash
is set for Saturday at McDonalds swim
Stadium now let's talk about volleyball
the Women of Troy extended their win
streak to three after sweeping Colorado
on the road now they returned home to
take on the Bay Area schools this week
at the Galen Center over to the court
the men's basketball team started the
season off right with a 87 to 73 victory
over cup and state on Friday the most
points scored by a Trojan team in nearly
three years biron Wesley led the team
with 17 points followed by Omar Oh
Robbie was 16 the Trojans will return to
the Galen Center to take on Long Beach
State on Tuesday and the Women of Troy
also kicked off their season at the
Galen Center this weekend but fell 63 to
52 to Gonzaga they look to turn things
around as they face Pepperdine at home
on Sunday well that's all for this
week's Trojan wrap up stay tuned to USC
Trojans comm throughout the week from
or on your favorite USC sports and check
out our official USC athletics Facebook
and Twitter pages as well for USC
Trojans dot-com
I'm Katie bugs